Update DirectAccess-Known-Issues.md (#5206)
MicrosoftDocs/windowsserverdocs: WindowsServerDocs/remote/remote-access/directaccess/DirectAccess-Known-Issues.md

---
# DirectAccess Known Issues

>Applies To: Windows Server (Semi-Annual Channel), Windows Server 2016, Windows Server 2019

## DNS registration of DirectAccess client IPv6 addresses

Starting with the Windows 10 May 2020 Update, a client no longer registers its IP addresses on DNS servers configured in a Name Resolution Policy Table (NRPT).
If DNS registration is needed, for example **Manage Out**, it can be explicitly enabled with this registry key on the client:

> Path: `HKLM\System\CurrentControlSet\Services\Dnscache\Parameters`
> Type: `DWORD`
> Value name: `DisableNRPTForAdapterRegistration`
> Values:
> `1` - DNS Registration disabled (default since the Windows 10 May 2020 Update)
> `0` - DNS Registration enabled

Reviewer: Like in your other PRs #5207 and #5208, we need to add HTML line breaks (`<br/>`) to keep the line breaks within the Note blob:
```suggestion
Path: `HKLM\System\CurrentControlSet\Services\Dnscache\Parameters`<br/>
Type: `DWORD`<br/>
Value name: `DisableNRPTForAdapterRegistration`<br/>
Values:<br/>
`1` - DNS Registration disabled (default since the Windows 10 May 2020 Update)<br/>
`0` - DNS Registration enabled
```
Feel free to comment or ask questions, in case there is anything in this PR you want to discuss.

> Starting with the Windows 10 May 2020 Update, a client no longer registers its IP addresses on DNS servers configured in a Name Resolution Policy (NRPT).
> If the DNS registration is needed, for e.g. Manage Out, it can be explicitely enabled with this registry key on the client:
> 
> Path: ```HKLM\System\CurrentControlSet\Services\Dnscache\Parameters```   
> Type: ``DWORD``   
> Value name: ``DisableNRPTForAdapterRegistration``   
> Values:   
> ``1`` - DNS Registration disabled (default since Windows 10 May 2020 Update)   
> ``0`` - DNS Registration enabled

Reviewer: (ref. your other PRs #5207 & #5208 covering the same topic)
```suggestion
Starting with the Windows 10 May 2020 Update, a client no longer registers its IP addresses on DNS servers configured in a Name Resolution Policy Table (NRPT).
If DNS registration is needed, for example **Manage Out**, it can be explicitly enabled with this registry key on the client:

Path: `HKLM\System\CurrentControlSet\Services\Dnscache\Parameters`
Type: `DWORD`
Value name: `DisableNRPTForAdapterRegistration`
Values:
`1` - DNS Registration disabled (default since the Windows 10 May 2020 Update)
`0` - DNS Registration enabled
```
